first of all for those of you are not
familiar with my work I create
multicultural characters who characters
from lots of different backgrounds so
before the present is the new future a
bit about the past is that I grew up in
a family that was multi everything
multiracial multicultural black and
white a Caribbean Irish American German
American there was like Dominican music
blasting from you know stereo it was
just there were Christians and Jews
that's a long story filled with intrigue
and interfaith guilt and shame but you
know it was just I was totally immersed
in this world that was you know filled
with everybody and then I went on to the
United Nations school and that just
completely so I began sort of developing
these voices and these people all of
whom were loosely based on people I
really know and so for example in
performing them I would really try to
inhabit them and for example I don't I
don't I don't really talk like that but
that's this is that was one of my people
and I am going to bring a few of my
friends I think of them as my friends to
this stage in this spirit of the idea
that the present is the new future in
sort of a meta way because I thought
about it and the future for me what can
be so frightening is that I don't know
what's coming I don't know if that's
true for other people but that notion of
you know thinking about how we can kind
of understand the future and predict
outcomes for me it's terrifying to not
know what might be coming and so the
idea that there are questions that I've
never seen that my people are going to
answer and some of these characters have
been with me for ages some of them don't
even have names I don't know what's
going to happen I don't know what's
coming and all I can do is remind myself
that I told Chris I'd fly by the seat of
my pants and now that I'm up here it
sort of feels like that dream where you
don't have any pants on and so I suppose
I'm going to be fly
by the seat of my ass that said let's
just see who comes out may we have the
first question do you ever get headaches
for the microchips implanted okay first
of all I'll just say and I hope you can
hear me okay my name is Lorraine Levine
and the idea of microchips implanted in
my brain frankly just putting on my
glasses reminds me of thank God I'm not
wearing the Google glasses no offense to
them I'm cleared that you all enjoy them
but at my age just putting on the
regular ones I have already gives me too
much information do you understand what
I'm saying to you I don't need you no
more I don't want to know that's it
that's enough I love you all you're
wonderful it's fabulous to be here with
such big markers again this year okay
next question
next please is dating boring now that
humans reproduce asexually who do we get
hi I'm okay hi everybody my name is Matt
Ava I just want to say first of all that
dating is never boring under any
circumstance but I am very excited to be
here right now so I'm just trying to
remind myself that you know like the
purpose of being here and everything I
mean trying to answer these questions it
is very exciting but I also I just need
to acknowledge that you know Ted it's an
incredible experience right now in the
present like I mean I just need to say
like it's a LAN day isabel allende okay
maybe it doesn't mean what it means I
mean of course it means something to you
but to me it's like another level okay
because I'm latina and I really
appreciate the fact that there are role
models here you know that I can really I
don't know I just need to say that
that's incredible to me and you know
sometimes when I'm nervous and
everything like that I just need to like
say some affirmations that can help me
like you know I usually just try to use
like the three little words that always
make me feel better
Sotomayor Sotomayor Sotomayor yes it
really helps me to get grounded now I
can use the yen they again they again
they and you know I just need to say it
like it's so incredible to be here and I
know that we've got
these questions I was so nervous and I
was thinking just like oh my god oh my
god and reminded me I mean because I've
had like some very especially since the
last time we were here at Ted it was
like unbelievable and then right after
that like so many crazy things happen
like we ended up going to the White
House to perform that was like amazing
and I'm standing there and I was just
like please don't say oh my god don't
say oh my god and I just kept saying it
oh my god
oh my god and you know I kept thinking
to myself like President Obama has to
come up here at the same podium and I'm
standing here saying oh my gosh like the
separation of church and state I just I
couldn't like I couldn't process it was
really too much so I I think I've lost
my way but what I wanted to say is that
dating for me you know as far as I'm
concerned however you reproduce as long
as you're enjoying yourself and it's
with another consenting asexual I don't
know you know where I'm going with that
okay ciao guys yes question what are
your top five favorite songs right now
well first of all i'ma say you know I'm
saying I'm the only dude up here right
now
my name is Rashi you know I've never
been that set before you know I'm saying
I think on savage Jones maybe she didn't
want me to come out last time I don't
know why you know obviously I would be
like a perfect fit potato said you know
first of all that I'm in hip-hop you
know saying I know some of y'all maybe
not really as much into the music but on
the first way y'all couldn't always know
don't say that I'm a hip-hop it's cuz I
hold the microphone in the official MC
posture yeah I can see that right there
that's how you hold it all right so you
get to know tutorial right there but on
what Sarah Jones told me was gonna come
up here I was like don't Shantz
head it's real fly I got a whole lot of
dope you know saying goin on
everything but all she was like year we
gonna have to answer like some random
questions I'm just like and I was like
what the hell is that no Sanders stand
up there and answer some random
questions I don't wanna I mean it's like
the intellectual stop-and-frisk you know
I'm saying I don't want to be standing
up there just or getting interrogated
and whatnot that's what I'm trying to
leave behind in New York she's go
serious so anyway I would have to say my
top five songs right now is all out of
my own personal catalogue me also if you
want to know more about that you know
saying we could talk about the
anti-piracy ignore that but as far as
I'm concerned you know I believe in
Creative Commons you know I think it's
really important that you know that
needs to be sustainable and everything
you know I mean far as I'm concerned I
mean this right here this environment I
would like to sustain in IV but on just
saying if you're interested in the top
five songs you need to holla at me
you're saying all right in the future or
the present yeah enjoy the rest of it
okay next question how many of your
organs have been through
and I have to say that I don't know
about how many of my organs have been 3d
printed as such but I can't tell you
that it is so challenging to me you know
kind of thinking about this concept of
the future and that you know all around
the world parents are kind of telling
their small children you know please you
have to eat that you know I have slaved
over a hot 3d printer all day so that
you can have this meal you know that
kind of thing but and of course now that
we have changed you know from the global
saw there is total kind of perspective
shift that is happening around the you
know you can't just say to them well
there are starving children well it is
the future but nobody is starving
anymore thank God but as you can tell I
have kind of that optimism and I do hope
that we can continue to kind of 3d print
well let us just say I like to think
that even in the future we will have the
publication kind of you know all the
food that's fit to print
but everybody please to enjoy that and
again I think that you do throw a
cracking good party here at Ted thank
you
what has changed but it's changed okay
it's like I have to think about now it
has changed how that women run the world
first of all I really like I just want
to say and my name is Bella myself that
like as a feminist I like I really find
that like you know because I was born in
the 90s and like you know there were a
lot of women who were as far as feminism
was concerned like maybe they didn't
understand that like a feminist like me
like I don't think it's required that
like you have to have a certain kind of
voice or like a certain way of like
presenting yourself to be feminist I
think that like feminism can be really
hot unlike I think actually that it's
really vital
important like the quotation I'm wearing
is from like Gloria Steinem and like I'm
named Bella for like Bella Abzug who's
like obviously like a really important
feminist from like history I'm like I
just think that those women that like
really represent like but you can like
be vital and like amazing like oh mazing
and you don't have to wear like an
Eileen Fisher caftan just to like prove
that you're a feminist like not that
there's anything wrong with that but
like my mom's just like like why do you
have to wear pants the like objectify
your body I like my pants like I like my
voice I like it's just like why do you
have to talk like talk like what like
I'm expressing myself and I think that
we have to like reach out like not only
across like the different generations of
feminists but also like across like
vocal ranges so that like we because
otherwise it's just like restrict lists
within feminism which is just like a
word that I created that means like so
strict it's ridiculous so that's my
feeling about that you guys are all
amazing by the way
[Applause]
yeah you know what
so my name is Joseph McHugh so first of
all I just want to say that I appreciate
Ted in general has been a pretty orderly
crowd pretty orderly group and you know
I just have to say the whole thing with
baldness and you know it's here's the
thing as long as the woman in my case
because it's a modern world do whatever
you want to do I don't have any problem
with anybody
enjoy yourself lgbtq LMNOP alright but
you know as far as I'm concerned
attractiveness women don't really care
as much as you think they do about that
you know I mean I remember hearing this
woman she's you know loved the husband's
the sweetest thing it's a pretty young
girl you know
and this guy's older and you know she
said she would love him even if he had
snow on the roof or even if it melted
and disappeared altogether you know as
far as I'm concerned it's about the love
am I right or am i rain so that's it
that's it that's it got nothing more to
say keep your noses clean next question
have you ever tasted meat that's not
well I want to start by saying that this
is a very difficult experience for a
Chinese American I don't know what to
call myself now
because I have really my Chinese
identity but my kids they're American
Chinese but it's difficult to try to
express myself in front of a audience of
people like this but if I had to give my
opinion
about meat I think first the most
important thing is to say that we don't
have to have perfect food but maybe it
can also not be poison maybe we can have
some middle ground for that but I will
continue to consider this idea and I
will report back maybe next year next
there ever be a post-racial world thank
you for having me my name is Gary Wiesel
head
I'm enjoy that I'm a member of the
Blackfeet nation I'm also half Lakota
but that is my given name and no even
though it would have seemed like an
obvious choice no I did not go into
politics tough crowd but I always like
to just let people know and they asked
about race or those kinds of things you
know as a member of the First Nations
community you know I'm probably not your
typical guy for example in addition to
being an activist I'm also a
professional stand-up comedian
and you know I I'm most popular on
college and university campuses
you know whenever they they want to do a
diversity day or hey we're not all white
week and I'm there do I think there will
ever be a post-racial world I think
really you can't talk about race without
remembering that is it is a construct on
in certain respects but also that you
know until we redress the wrongs of the
past we're gonna be turned around I
don't care if the president is the new
future and I think there's a lot of
great people here at Ted I'm working to
address that so with that uh if anything
I've said today makes you feel
uncomfortable you're welcome what's the
most popular diet these days who's here
okay well I'm just answer this really
fast as like three or four different
people I mean really fast I'm just so
much I'll know that as far as diet is
concerned if you don't love yourself
inside there is no diet on this earth
that is going to make your behind all
enough for you to feel good so just stop
wasting your time I would just like to
say as an African woman that I believe
the diet that we need is it really to
remove the crazy a belief that there is
anything wrong with a nice backside no I
am teasing about that there is nothing
wrong with a woman of size that is what
I am trying to say women celebrate your
body for God's sake stop running around
starving you are making yourself and
other people miserable last so we talk
about what's the most popular diet I'm
gonna start off by telling y'all that
just my first time here tell I might not
be your typical
you found on this state my dental work
not as nice as some people but I made
Sir John's promise she gonna bring me
this time because she didn't bring me
before but you know I just want to say
yeah there's a lot of things more
important than counting calories and as
somebody living on the street in New
York and getting to come here y'all
ideas worth spreading I want to tell you
I believe in this idea that the present
is the new future that where you sit you
create everything that's gonna come for
better or worse and for me I think
homeless the wrong word for it anyway
you know I might not have me no place to
lay my head at night but that does make
me houseless I have me a home you do to
find it and try to find yourself in
there make sure you know it's not just
about virtual reality in space that's
wonderful but it's also about the actual
reality here on earth how are people
living today
how can you be part of the solution
thank y'all for thinking about that
right now in the present moment to
influence the future I appreciate them
bye-bye
[Applause]